Update README with VSCode debug doc (#11)
salesforce/lwc-jest: README.md

# @salesforce/lwc-jest

> Run Jest against Lightning web components in an Salesforce DX workspace environment.

Reviewer: in a Salesforce DX

## Usage

```

> `lwc-jest [options]` will run Jest unit tests in the Salesforce DX workspace

Reviewer: runs Jest unit tests

lwc-jest --debug -- --no-cache
```

> ### Debugging in VSCode

Reviewer 2: Call it either "Visual Studio Code", or "VS Code".

> If you prefer to debug directly inside the VSCode IDE, follow these steps:

Reviewer 2: Call it either "Visual Studio Code", or "VS Code".

> If you prefer to debug directly inside the Visual Studio Code IDE, follow these steps:

Reviewer: If you prefer to debug inside Visual Studio Code,

> - From the VSCode dropdowns, select Debug --> Add Configuration...

Reviewer 2: Call it either "Visual Studio Code", or "VS Code".

> - From the Visual Studio Code dropdowns, select Debug --> Add Configuration...

Reviewer: --> s/b >

> - Replace the contents of generated `launch.json` with the [`Debug Jest Tests` configuration](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/troubleshooting#debugging-in-vs-code) provided by Jest

Reviewer 3: When I click through to that link I don't see `Debug Jest Tests`. Would it be more clear to say:
```suggestion
- Replace the contents of the generated `launch.json` with the version from Jest's [_Debugging in VS Code_ documentation](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/troubleshooting#debugging-in-vs-code) provided by Jest
```

Author: "Debug Jest Tests" is the name of the launch.json configuration in that section. I can see how people may miss that though I'll update.

> - Replace the contents of the generated `launch.json` with the version from Jest's [_Debugging in VS Code_ documentation](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/troubleshooting#debugging-in-vs-code)

Reviewer: End sentence with a period.

> - Add a `jest.config.json` file to the root of the SFDX project as described [here](#overriding-jest-config)

Reviewer 2: We need a `jest.config.js` here, not a json file. also replace `SFDX` with `Salesforce DX`.

> - Add a `jest.config.js` file to the root of the Salesforce DX project as described [here](#overriding-jest-config)

Reviewer: End sentence with a period.

> - Run tests by pressing F5 or selecting Debug --> Start Debugging

Reviewer: --> s/b >

Reviewer: To run tests, press F5 or select Debug > Start Debugging.

## Overriding Jest Config

> `lwc-jest` sets up all the necessary Jest [configs](http://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/configuration.html) for you to run tests out of the box without any additional tweaks. To override any options or set additional ones, create a file called `jest.config.js` at the root of your SFDX project, import the default config from `lwc-jest`, modify as you please, and then export the new config.

Reviewer 2: Rename `SFDX project` to `Salesforce DX project`

> `lwc-jest` sets up all the necessary Jest [configs](http://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/configuration.html) for you to run tests out of the box without any additional tweaks. To override any options or set additional ones, create a file called `jest.config.js` at the root of your Salesforce DX project, import the default config from `lwc-jest`, modify as you please, and then export the new config.

Reviewer 3: s/tweaks/changes/

</template>
```

> We know out of the box the `lightning-button` will be handled by the package automatically. `foo-fancy-button`, however, will need to be resolved. First, create a `jest.config.js` file at the root of the Salesforce DX project workspace and add the following:

Reviewer: Because it's in the `lightning` namespace, the `lightning-button` just works. However, you must write some code to help the Jest resolver find the `foo-fancy-button` component.
